---
layout: post
title: newsgator-upgrade-aggrevations
---
NewsGator sent me an email today explaining how I should upgrade to the
latest and greatest version of their software.  I've been putting off
the upgrade for awhile now since I've heard tons of complaints about the
new version, but those complaints have died down and I've been hearing
good things again.  So I download the new "Outlook Edition" and run
through the setup.  I then proceed to open up Outlook and then I see
nothing.  No NewsGator.  w00t.

"No worries", I think. "I'll just head over to the support site."

On the support site I find a [knowledge base
article](http://newsgator.mykbpro.com/Article_2CBAA.aspx) that would
seem to help.  I try both of the ideas listed in the article.  One
required a registry tweak and the other had me validate that NewsGator
was not disabled by Outlook.  It's a pretty quick check so I followed
the directions:

- Go to Help | About MS Office Outlook

- Click the [Disabled Items] button and if NewsGator is listed

- If it is, select it and click the [Enable] button

- Restart Outlook

Well, NewsGator didn't show up disabled so I was out of luck.  I then
decided to shoot an email off to support:

"NewsGator is not loading when outlook starts up.  I already tried both
of the ideas listed here:
[http://newsgator.mykbpro.com/Article\_2CBAA.aspx](http://newsgator.mykbpro.com/article_2cbaa.aspx "http://newsgator.mykbpro.com/Article_2CBAA.aspx") 

and here is the output of NewsGator diagnostics:

[diagnostics removed for brevity]"

So a few hours go by and I receive an email back:

"If the NewsGator button is missing:

- Go to Help | About MS Office Outlook

- Click the [Disabled Items] button and if NewsGator is listed

- If it is, select it and click the [Enable] button

- Restart Outlook

Regards,

[Name withheld]"

Okay.  WTF.  Did this person even read my email?  Talk about
exasperating.

Why even bother to have customer service and support when the person
doesn't take the time to even try to help?  The other frustrating part
of this email is that the author didn't leave the communication open. 
There is no "I hope this helps" or "If you have any questions, please
let me know.".  That's important!  Rattling off some knowledge base
entry and then saying "Good bye" isn't any better than a bot.

I'm off to try to figure out what the heck happened to my NewsGator and
if I can't get this resolved soon I guess I'm going to have to find
another RSS aggregator.
