Figured it was about time for me to get around to writing about my
favorite subject: Me!

**Name:** Ryan A. Rinaldi\
You see the “A.” is mightily important.  Without it, I'm just another
Ryan Rinaldi.  But with it, oh now that is another story.  It makes me
stronger, faster, more attractive.  I can jump higher, I can think
faster.  I can make Julian fries. Or, I just happen to like the way it
sounds. :)

**Location:** Chicago, Il\
I've been a Chicagoan my entire life.  Grew up outside the city and just
recently moved to the South-side.  South Loop,  if you would like me to
be more specific.  If you are living in the Chicago area, or just
dropping by for a visit, feel free to drop me an email.

**Age:** 25\
(That's like, halfway to 30!) 

**Why do I care what you have to say?:** Apparently you find me
interesting enough to read me babble about myself. :) Actually, I have a
pretty good reason.  I'm an average software developer.  I face the same
struggles day in and day out that you do.  You might find it comforting
to know that there are other people out there that battle the demons of
platforms and frameworks.  Or, you have extreme voyeuristic tendencies
and the Sorority Sister's Dorm web-cam happens to be off tonight. 
Whatever the reason is, you wanted to know more about me you sicko.

**So hot stuff, what do you do when your not playin' on the 'puter?:** 
Good question.  When I'm not ~~hacking into government supercomputers,
or trying to launch nuclear strikes against Canada~~ working on the
computer, I'm normally reading random books (mostly non-fiction), or
listening to music.  I've been known to perform, write and record music
but those originals have long since been destroyed.
