---
layout: post
title: new-gadgets
---
Over the past few months I’ve accumulated (and lost) a few new gadgets:

**Gadget the first:** [A Motorola RAZR V3
Phone](http://www.motorola.com/motoinfo/product/details.jsp?globalObjectId=69 "RAZR Phone"). 
This guy replaced my old phone, a
[V600](http://www.motorola.com/motoinfo/product/details.jsp?globalObjectId=11),
which I really liked but the V600 decided he didn’t like hearing me talk
any more so he started dropping every call I made.  Deciding that I
wanted to actually talk to people with my phone I went over to my local
T-Mobile store to see if there was a possibility of a replacement phone
(since this one was rather new).  Wouldn’t you know it?  My warranty
just expired so there was nothing that T-Mobile could do except sell me
a new phone.  (The lady behind the counter (now known as Counter
Lady) was kind enough to tell me a good friend of hers happens to have a
side business “fixing” phones and she would be happy to refer me to her
friend.  Thanks, but I would rather not get ripped off twice for the
same transaction)  Since I needed to have a phone (my cell being my
only phone), I had to walk out with a working phone.  After taking a
quick glance around the room, I decided that the RAZR should suit my
needs just fine.  As Counter Lady rang up my new purchase, I proceeded
to save the 5 or 6 contacts that were stored on my phone to my SIM
card.  Counter Lady sees me doing this one by one and decides that I
should do it in a batch.  Seems logical enough, so I hand my phone over
to her and she clicks a few keys and hands it back.  As I peruse what
should be a list of over a hundred contacts, I find a list of the 5 that
were still stored on my phone.  Counter Lady \***overwrote**\* my SIM
card, instead of appending the contacts to them.  After a bit of
screaming and yelling, and me realizing that the data was gone, gone,
gone I grabbed my new RAZR and headed out.  T-Mobile now owns my soul
for 2 more years and has wiped out the only contact information I had
for a lot of people.  I believe that requires a sarcastic yell. “Yay!”

**Gadget B:** The must have gadget of the century, an iPod.  [Nano 1
GB](http://www.apple.com/ipodnano/) to be exact.  I got to enjoy the
wonderful bliss of owning an iPod for 1 1/2 whole months before it got
swiped of my desk at work. :(  In a rather idiotic display of cunning
and intelligence, at the last minute I decided to not take my iPod with
me to the [JP Morgan Chase Corporate
Challenge](http://www.jpmorganchasecc.com/).  Thinking that since I have
never ran with the iPod it would be stupid to try to when I’m doing my
first race ever.  Casually I tossed it on my desk, and it was never seen
again.  As much fun as the iPod was, he will probably be replaced by a
device that supports
[PlaysForSure](http://www.playsforsure.com/ "Evil DRM") so I can upgrade
my Rhapsody account to RhapsodyToGo and get 2 million songs to go.  (I
dig the subscription music model.)

**Gadget number 3**: [T-Mobile
MDA](http://www.t-mobile.com/shop/phones/Detail.aspx?device=8802ddeb-1ee4-477a-9608-d9cd1e2a903f)
(aka HTC Wizard).  Work gave me this guy to replace my BlackBerry. 
Since the first day I saw the HTC Wizard I wanted one.  Craved it.  I
HAD TO HAVE IT.  Which is why, with great disappointment, I say I miss
my BlackBerry.  The MDA has been a huge disappointment for me.  It all
comes down to what you want a device to do and what the device was made
to do.  I want/need something that is great at email.  The BlackBerry
was that.  The MDA on the other hand isn’t.  The MDA is great at being a
phone, calendar and managing contacts.  Email comes second on the MDA. 
Simple as that.

**Gadget IV:** This guy I’ve ordered but he hasn’t arrived yet.
[Linkstation 250 GB Network Storage
Center](http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B0002ICEIQ/002-9098812-9581660?%5Fencoding=UTF8&v=glance&n=172282).
Aww yeah.  My laptop,
[MojoDojo](http://blogs.geekdojo.net/ryan/archive/2005/03/24/7538.aspx),
has been running out of hard-drive space for sometime and I didn’t want
to buy a really expensive laptop drive and deal with migrating tons of
stuff over to it.  An external hard-drive was out of the question
because I wanted the laptop to be mobile and not tethered to a
hard-drive by a USB cable.  250 GB that can be mounted over the network
was just the solution I needed. (I think, I have yet to try this out in
the real world.) 
