After spending an inordinate amount of time with Ronnie from NewsGator I
was able to find the cause of my NewsGator woes.  It seems that the
Getting Things Done! add-in for Outlook and NewsGator were conflicting
with each other.  I disabled the GTD add-in for a little while so I
could run NewsGator, but I shortly learned that I was dependent on the
add-in more than I originally thought I was. 

So I had to un-install NewsGator.  I then started a hunt for a new
aggregator.  I tried FeedDemon, but I got a little frustrated because it
didn't have Search folders.  With NewsGator I just fired up Outlook and
clicked on the Unread Mail search folder and pretty much lived in there
for the day.  All of my feeds and all of my mail wound up in that folder
for me to ponder on no matter where my rules might have actually placed
the emails.  I LOVE the search folders. 

Anywho, I then un-installed FeedDemon and moved to
[Omea](http://www.jetbrains.com/omea/reader/) from
[JetBrains](http://www.jetbrains.com/).  Seemed to be a pretty cool
app.  The install went well and I used it for a couple days and loved,
loved, LOVED the fact that it had search folders.  I eventually had to
un-install it though.

My reason?  It allowed me to group my unread mail, but it had very odd
grouping logic.  I could group on 10 or so different items, but the one
I really wanted to group on was "Weblog".  I couldn't.  I could only
group on "Author/Weblog", and that seemed to group on Author if it was
present, but group on Weblog if it isn't.  Problem being I read a lot of
"Group" blogs, like Engadget and Slashdot.  Those sites might have 10
different authors.  My problem is I don't care.  I want them to be a
group under the weblog name.  Omea was trying to be too clever.  and I
un-installed it because of that cleverness.

Right now I'm using [Attensa](http://www.attensa.com/index.php).  Seems
pretty good.  I'm happy that it's back in Outlook and I can have my
wonderful search folders.  I like that if somebody doesn't provide
full-text feeds I can set it up to download the page the feed links to
and show me that instead.  Which is kind of a win/win for everybody.  I
still get full-text and the author of the blog gets to show his
advertisers one more hit. (Not like my pair of eyes is going to be
generating that much revenue, but whatever).  Might be a feature that
NewsGator should consider.  I'm hoping that NewsGator can fix whatever
is making it go "Boom!" on my machine, because I miss it.  Attensa is
cool so far, but NewsGator had a "spit and polish" that I liked. 
Attensa is still a little rough around the edges.
