Good question mister anonymous blog reader guy.

On the work front I’ve been heads down cranking out the next generation
of our super secret internal mega apps.  The technologies I’ve been
digging into the last 6 months or so include (but not limited to): WSE,
MSMQ, Windows Services, NUnit, NAnt, CruiseControl.NET and NHibernate. 
It’s been a very busy and stressful time to say the least.

On the personal front, I’ve been keeping myself real busy.  12 weeks ago
I started working out with a personal trainer and I’ve been hitting the
gym quite regularly.  I’m proud to say that I’ve dropped my body fat
percentage by 3.5% and I’ve dropped about 7 lbs.  Until I started
working out, I had no idea how out of shape I really was.  It was a huge
wakeup call the first week I was in the gym.  I didn’t know that there
were so many places on my body that could feel pain.
![](http://blogs.geekdojo.net/ryan/images/smile1.gif)  Things are a lot
better now and I’ve become quite a gym rat.

Since it is summer, I’ve also been working with the Special Olympics
again in their Unified Golf program.  Once a week I head out to my home
town and play 6–9 holes with my brother’s best friend Ray. (For those of
you unaware, my brother has Down Syndrome, as does Ray).  Ray has been
making some great progress this year and with the time I’ve been putting
into the gym my game has quite improved!  This year might be the year
that I get to take Ray to State Games.

I’ve also spent some time lately on non-work related coding (All after
hours [Ray](http://blogs.geekdojo.net/jez), I swear!).  In my next post
I will be showing off one of the apps I built in my spare time…Stay
tuned!
