I believe the title says it all.  The last couple of days I've been
toying around with [.NetNuke](http://www.dotnetnuke.com) and I am quite
impressed (to say the least).  I first heard of .NetNuke shortly after I
started developing in .NET but wrote it off as a clone of phpNuke or
postNuke both of which started off as clones of Slashcode.  (Looking at
them now I realize that they both seem to have grown in complexity,
probably surpassing Slashcode.)

For those who don't know .NetNuke is an Open Source portal application
written in VB.NET/ASP.NET.  .NetNuke allows a user to manage content and
design without any programming knowledge.  Allowing people to create a
100% data-driven application.  Basically SharePoint without all the
hassle.

Anyway, Monday I was listening to [.Net
Rocks!](http://www.franklins.net/dotnetrocks/), the episode where they
[interview Shaun Walker and Jim
Duffy](http://www.franklins.net/fnetdotnetrocks/dotnetrocks.aspx?showid=77),
and they wax on about the wonder that is .NetNuke.  I couldn't help but
get jazzed up about it.  So I decided that I would download it and give
it a shot.

First off, it is easy to install.  I went from downloaded to running in
10 minutes.

Second, easy to skin.  I went from running to skinned in an hour with a
custom skin the I created.

2 hours later I had converted our static intranet (which was a hassle to
maintain) into a dynamic site complete with user based permissions that
allowed different people rights to administer different portions of the
site.

Not only that, but with all of the modules that come with it I was able
to throw in a company wide event calendar, a discussion board,
announcements, and a FAQ list.

I'm going to be using .NetNuke for a site I'm working on for my old high
school and I might even get around to using it for a couple other things
that have been on the back burner.....

Anyway, [go check it out](http://www.dotnetnuke.com/).  I promise you
that you will be impressed!
