Please indulge my voyage into music journalism. :)

The Aussie Tour.  Don't know if that was the official name, but it's
what the girlfriend and I were referring to it as.  Last night I saw
*The Living End*, *Jet* and *The Vines* at the Vic in Chicago. 
Wonderful show.  I never heard of *The Living End* before, but after
last night I am definitely a fan.  They put on a very energetic show and
I was finding myself upset at the audience for not giving them anything
back.  They call their brand of music "Punk-a-billy" and after talking
with another concert goer, we came to the conclusion that *The Living
End* is a cross between *AC/DC*, the *Stray Cats* and some *Offspring*
style punk.  I'm going to head out a little latter to pick up their
album and I suggest you do the same. :)

*Jet'*s performance was spectacular, so much so it may have even been a
little over the top.  The Vic is a great little venue for a concert. 
Emphasis on little.  *Jet*'s performance would have been great for, oh I
don't know, the United center, Soldier field, or, hell, even a huge ass
concert on the moon so it can be seen from space.  Lot's of spot lights,
strobes and smoke machines.  Would make any arena rock band proud.  I
was a little disappointed that, due to time constraints, they weren't
able to play any of their slower songs.  [If you only have have heard
*Jet*'s singles on the radio you would label them a rock/punk band [I am
really bad at figuring out genre's for bands, so don't yell at me.  All
I know is what I like.] but if you listen to their album you'll soon
find out that they seem to have a heavy *Beatles*/John Lennon
influence.  Go pick up the album, or at the very least go listen to it
at some record store.]

I hope I don't offend anyone by saying this, but *The Vines* lead singer
is a pompous, arrogant prick.  His bass player was visibly ticked at him
and his drummer seemed bored out his mind.  I would be too if I was
playing music I hated.  Apparently, the lead singer thought it would be
cute to perform all of *The Vines* stuff in the style of *Radiohead*.  I
wasn't the only person upset with this as most of the audience booed and
half walked out completely.  It's not very often that you get to watch a
venue empty out when the headliner comes on stage.  They finally came
around toward the end of the set.  They played 3 or 4 songs that were
actually quite enjoyable.
