---
layout: post
title: random-stuff
---
I haven't blogged for a bit and I'm sorry.  I hope that everyone can
forgive me. ;)

I've been quite busy, but I've been keeping track of some stuff that has
caught my eye over the past month.  So, yeah, I guess I'll just list it
out:

Icon-y Goodness: Here are some free [Windows
icons](http://interfacelift.com/icons-win/) (via [Eric
Harrison](http://ericgharrison.com)) and [here are some more free
icons](http://www.eggheadcafe.com/free_graphics_icons/default.asp?start=1)
that you can use in your apps.

[A grouping and Subtotaling
repeater](http://dotnetjunkies.com/Tutorial/4365153F-D2F5-4C77-9FE7-94DD1AAF6F98.dcik)
for ASP.NET: From Kurt Mang over at DotNetJunkies.  Could have used
this, oh, like a bajillion times.

Tabbed browsing? I'll do you one better: To prove to the world that IE
isn't dead, MS creates the [IE
Marketplace](http://windowsmarketplace.com/content.aspx?ctId=63).

Like, watch my web app fly: [10 Tips for Writing High-Performance Web
Applications](http://msdn.microsoft.com/msdnmag/issues/05/01/ASPNETPerformance/) from
MSDN Magazine.

Will you be my friend?: [Grouper](http://www.grouper.com/).  From the
website: "Grouper is a new Windows based application that allows users
to share their personal media within private groups. Grouper uses P2P
technology connecting you directly to your friends’ hard drives where
you can share large files in a safe, encrypted environment. Grouper is a
simple install and requires no firewall reconfiguration."

Fast-forward this: [TiVo decides fast fowarding through commercials is
for
chumps](http://www.latimes.com/news/local/la-et-tivo17nov17,0,927837.story?coll=la-home-headline).
:(

Hey, 7th is still good: [Longhorn comes in 7th of the top 10 tech
blogs](http://www.techweb.com/blogawards/winners.html).  Groklaw reigns
supreme.  Congrats go to [Robert
McLaws](http://weblogs.asp.net/rmclaws/). :)

Sprinkle in some security and bake for 40 mins: [Scott
Hanselman](http://www.hanselman.com/blog/) shows us the way to [key
ViewState to the current
user](http://www.hanselman.com/blog/PermaLink.aspx?guid=7accd348-d87f-4581-84f2-93c3f61b58a9).

College Library, meet my friend Google: [Google
Scholar](http://scholar.google.com/), how do you do?

 

 

 

 
