---
layout: post
title: chicago-area-job-opening-trading-technologies-application-administrator
---
**Application Administrator (Enterprise Applications)**

Trading Technologies international inc. (TT) is a cutting edge,
profitable software development firm committed to providing robust,
reliable trading systems to professional derivatives traders and
brokers. We pioneered electronic trading when we were founded 12 years
ago. Today TT is the leading provider of order entry software for
professional derivatives traders. Due to tremendous growth in annualized
revenues, we are expanding our organization. TT is committed to building
a company where highly talented, challenge-hungry people thrive.
Therefore, we invest heavily in employee satisfaction. We offer a
competitive salary, stock options, low cost but progressive medical and
dental benefits, pre tax commute to work benefits and health club
subsidies, 401(k) plan and other employee-focused programs. TT is
looking for candidates that put forth a serious effort for a serious
reward!

**Ten Great Reasons to Work at TT:**

1.Entrepreneurial, fast-paced environment where serious effort results
in serious reward.

2.Ranked the best software company to work for in Chicago by  Chicago
magazine and

3.Ranked by Deloitte and Touche as one of Chicagoland’s fastest growing
tech companies for five consecutive years.

4.Volume share leader among futures order-entry software providers.

5.Cutting-edge technology.

6.Stock options for all full-time employees.

7.Recognized as the leading Illinois tech company in 2006 with the ITA
Lighthouse Award.

8.Liberal  PTO and holiday policy.

9.Breakfast and beverages provided by the company…and dinner if you work
late.

10.Relaxed “shorts and sandals” environment.

**Title: Application Administrator (Enterprise Applications)**

**SUMMARY**

We are looking to add an experienced Application Administrator to our IT
– Enterprise Applications team. Person in this position will maintain
Microsoft CRM, Forecaster, Accounting Systems and other assigned
enterprise applications. As an Application Administrator, he/she is
primarily responsible for upgrades, performance, availability, security
and integrity of our enterprise application systems.

**Responsibilities: **

Provide prompt and consistent support to Enterprise Applications
Systems.

Duties include Application System installation, integration, incident /
problem diagnosis and resolution, capacity planning and performance
tuning.

Design & implement reports & KPIs for various Enterprise Applications
systems.

Perform a variety of ad-hoc data analysis and reports as requested by
users.

Plan and Apply upgrades and patches to Enterprise Application Products.

Set standards and procedures for Applications Installs and Applications
Management.

Work closely with internal development and infrastructure teams to
manage the deployment of new applications and systems.

Create technical documentation of installation/configuration procedures.

Produce and interpret Enterprise Applications performance trends.

Make recommendations as needed to improve functionality, performance,
enterprise impacts, and standards compliance.

Perform SQL DBA functions when needed.

Serve as an escalation point for Enterprise Applications issues within
IT.

 

**Qualifications: **

BS in Computer Science or related field or 5 years experience
demonstrating equivalent knowledge

2-3 years of experience specifically in support and integration of
various packaged Applications such as Microsoft CRM, Forecaster, Sage,
etc.

1 -2 years of data analysis, T-SQL and reporting experience with SQL
Server 2005 reporting services.

Some MS-SQL server DBA experience, preferably with SQL Server 2005.

Some development experience with the .NET development framework
including Visual Studio 2005 and C\#

Strong understanding of Microsoft Operating Systems, Exchange and Active
Directory

Familiarity with Microsoft SharePoint 2003 or MOSS 2007

**Skills:**

Demonstrated problem solving and analytical skills

Excellent interpersonal, organizational, and leadership skills

Strong verbal and written communication skills

Strong ability to interpret impact of technology choices

Please send your resumes to:

[careers@tradingtechnologies.com](mailto:careers@tradingtechnologies.com "mailto:careers@tradingtechnologies.com")
