---
layout: post
title: a-bit-of-bad-news
---
My friend Andy who blogs here, maintains the server and helped start the
GeekDojo is moving to Utah to take a very non IT job. :(  He'll be doing
some camping and building the self esteem of teenagers through bonding
with nature (or something like that!).  The sad part is that since he'll
be leaving I'll have even less access to the server that the Dojo is
running on than I had before pretty much forcing my hand to shut it
down. \
\
Shutting down the Dojo isn't something that I took lightly.  I've been
trying to figure out what to do with the site for months.  The site has
a pretty decent amount of traffic and has been saturating the business
class DSL line it's been running on causing all sorts of problems with
Andy's father's business that has been so gracious to host the site. 
I've tried putting up Google Ads to help pay for more bandwidth, but the
revenue generated has been almost non-existent.  I've tried to find
other places to host, but the hosting packages I've found have been way
to expensive for me to afford.  \
\
Over the next week I'll be exporting all the data to BlogML.  If you are
a blogger here and would like your content, let me know and I'll send
you a URL where you can download the BlogML file.  When you find another
home I'm willing to redirect all traffic to your site here to a single
URL at your new host.  I'll also setup redirects of all your RSS feeds
to a new site.\
\
Again, I apologize.  This isn't something that I would like to happen
and I wish I was able to give everyone more notice.\

